Dreamix - About Us

We’re passionate about what we do and committed to delivering exceptional results. You can trust us to exceed your expectations with our professional and dedicated approach.
Excited about today. Secure about tomorrow.
Our Story
At Dreamix, we understand that success is not just about technical expertise and business acumen but also about building meaningful relationships based on shared values. Our journey began 17 years ago when a group of close friends came together with a vision to create a workspace where they could work on meaningful projects in their own way. With steady and brave efforts, we secured our first clients, earned our first cash, and built a company rooted in personal and humble attitudes, devotion, honesty, and open communication.

Our founders invested all their hearts and technical knowledge to create a company that attracts world-class professionals with genuine human values. We’re proud to say that today, our team consists of over 200 skilled and motivated individuals who work in perfect sync to deliver outstanding software solutions and services.

At Dreamix, we believe in going the extra mile to create a place that brings a sense of belonging, respects autonomy, and motivates us to excel together.

Our 95% retention rate of talent and partnerships with clients is a testament to our unwavering commitment to excellence and our dedication to building meaningful relationships. Trust us to deliver exceptional results while upholding our shared values.

Meet our management team
Dreamix about us team - About Us
What makes us different
- About Us
Exceeding expectations
We don’t settle for “good enough”. Our engineers aren’t just university-educated; they often teach university courses themselves. We don’t just write software; we bring domain expertise to our projects. We don’t just go about our jobs; we consistently master new skills and share them with each other in designated internal clubs. We go above and beyond in everything we do.

meaningfullwork - About Us
Meaningful work
We build strong connections with clients and each other, and we deliver. It’s why we pick meaningful projects and invest in long-term partnerships. It’s also why we choose to call our clients ‘partners’. We care about what we do, and it shows.

transparency - About Us
Transparency
There’s a culture of honesty and transparency as they go hand in hand with quality. We communicate openly with our partners and consistently provide insights for the project’s success.

makeithappen - About Us
Make it happen
We make sure to solve problems, not create them. That’s why we strive to acquire fresh knowledge and optimise the software development process – from ideation to testing. A can-do attitude and being proactive are crucial when it comes to saving our partners’ time and resources.

people - About Us
People
A genuine connection is vital for effective teamwork. Dreamix fosters a people-centric culture that allows us to love our jobs, stay motivated and help each other grow. We form strong bonds with each other and our partners and deliver solutions way beyond body leasing.

giving back - About Us
Giving back
Every year, we donate part of our revenue to charity. We also give back to the tech community by speaking at conferences and teaching university courses. Additionally, we mentor students and write and distribute informative tech articles.

We’d love to hear about your software project and help you meet your business goals as soon as possible.