Dreamix - who we are

Who we are
Dreamix has a successful track record of 17+ years of scalable product development.

Certificates
- Dreamix: Trusted Software Development Company
- Dreamix: Trusted Software Development Company
clucht 5 - Dreamix: Trusted Software Development Company
vistajet logo grey - Dreamix: Trusted Software Development Company
We have a unicorn in our portfolio
Vistajet is the fastest growing and 2nd-largest private jet company in the world, with their headquarters in Mayfair, London. With more than 100,000 custom flights and a 27% increase of revenue in H1’18, we’re proud to share in their success by providing them with a set of complex, custom-built software platforms. Their success is our success, and we couldn’t be more happy about being part of their exponential growth – and we could be part of yours too.

Contact us
vistajet image section - Dreamix: Trusted Software Development Company
fobres under 30 image - Dreamix: Trusted Software Development Company
30Under30Logo Black 1 1 - Dreamix: Trusted Software Development Company
The founders we work with become part of forbes 30 under 30
At 17, while studying Fine Arts in Florence, Sascha Scheider started an online community to help artists monetize their work. After returning to the U.S., alongside partner Troy Plota, she co-founded a company called Plotagraph. With the help of Dreamix, It has since expanded to Plotaverse – a suite of five motion photo editing apps that has gained over 6 million downloads and is used by notable names including Ariana Grande, GoPro and PhotoShop. Plotaverse has made Sascha part of Forbes 30 under 30, so perhaps our tech knowledge could do the same for you.

Let’s talk
After working with us, companies have raised up to $15 million in funding
CloudCar provides the most powerful platform for building the next generation of connected vehicle experiences. With highly complex Machine Learning software under the hood of top-tier Jaguars, Dreamix has helped CloudCar on their way to attaining more that 15 million dollars in funding. So, if you’re looking to drive your business to the fast lane, talk to us.

Talk to оur growth experts
who we wre image - Dreamix: Trusted Software Development Company
java championship - Dreamix: Trusted Software Development Company
Java champions consult us on project development
Java Daily is a reputable campaign aiming to keep the Java community informed, united and growing. Dreamix is the mind behind Java Daily, curating all Java related news into one place. We also consult Java Champtions on a daily basis to discover the latest trends and topics to make sure that our own knowledge matches those of the highest-level experts. Afterwards, we also share interviews with the Java Champions on our website as giving back to the community is one of our biggest values.

Interviews with Java Champions
Lasting professional relationship of more than 9 years
In Dreamix we value partnerships, not transactions. This is why many of our professional relationships last for over 9 years (and counting). We are always invested in our clients’ success and the quality, stability and security of their products. This results in long partnerships, more dedicated team members and higher efficiency and work satisfaction for both parties.

Contact us
profetional relationship - Dreamix: Trusted Software Development Company
dreamix, company culture
95% employee retention rate
At Dreamix, our company culture is of extreme importance, where our goals, mission and vision can be seen in everything happening around the office. We value knowledge sharing, teamwork, high expertise, proactivity and responsibility – and because our actions are always aligned with those values, we’re proud to have a retention rate of 95%. This means that our clients work with the same software engineers for the entire duration of the project, resulting in better partnership, efficiency and results.

Learn more
At Dreamix we share knowledge
Dreamix’s knowledge sharing is a constant and extremely important practice for everyone within the company. Management gives lectures at reputable conferences all over the world, such as JaxLondon, while top performing employees teach at universities around Bulgaria in their spare time. Additionally, we regularly contribute to media around the world, such as ReadWrite, InfoQ, JaxEnter, Dev.to, SimpleProgrammer, Hackernoon, etc. Knowledge sharing is one of our major goals as we firmly believe in giving back to society.

Visit our blog
dreamix, dreamix team, dreamix software development company, dreamix bespoke software provider
